Les Essarts
lately the second round hello
so we must warn our netizens delivered in technical conditions a
little bit difficult what are we just before
can we gig in the beautiful the magnificent billiard room of
the olympiakos
and so that can be a little bit of noise around us setting up
badly barred by the eponymous team m
here we are very happy to meet you since this album is a hit
of heart on our site is one of the unique members and really a very beautiful
album
dillon towards the act asked some questions
on what tarnishes until then
today he releases a new version of all those for whom she herself is
well samsung
so what did you change on this new version in front of the Swiss
the opponent to the agreement
be careful what they eat yes I hope
the farce in France
this case
down
but the scene
he was apparently
8:20 p.m.
it's done not translated a little
the comuf place
so here we won a second person now and the frame with our
and I hope to do
here is a news corp and many others
and he also speaks French who have toiled for areva t & d if need he
directs its people m those who mistakenly believe irreparable and that it must be
earlier agree we'll get there
I speak very bad English 22 3%
dead if I understood correctly because I and I looked a little bit gives
your corn profile ps the biography neither
all the videos that ensures much thurgovian who is held by
all these videos is a bath of the apartment
oussama ben laden parisian and america is good
% and so if I understood correctly you came to the music and godfather of
the interest is particularly developed as are not
so what makes you do it like that in the soap
advantage and finally it's true so yesterday
I made some
selanne for japan
facts
simon dyson it's a little pompous cassel
c
Japan and Asia
jarraud when I manage to bring back to Calais for the rest I start
to be active
so the strait of Calais
good we leave it to her lets believe after we get
such a sum
a meal with the music with the cicr and the un we recover that that that
it smells of fir with the press but it was counting without faith and love
hamon
But for how long
this work of investigated
work appeared
it's a step that is this theme
the musical plan
its head
a treat here you go
the sphere
this package
a course m
but he would like
we buy barter fair
job
in vain
this theatrical technique drc nearly 30%
according to how in attack
but because someone
a sound engineer job
inspector of the people when they cross
brieuc
abdou mohamed
dinner to fly away
and then who recorded a cycle part and a recording was not
parade of the st-patrick terrace
joseph virtues recognized of the beautiful world
Is that what you learned from these people in contact with
working on the sound
why did you learn things for everyone at the same time as
small
ah yes a lot
we rework
inspired holidays place
no work m
the apartment with him
one hour later
gfr
I learned a lot of things
one of their salaries
she was born in December
we regret that you are faced with a teacher work tool
but it must be that in retirement and I hope
make a lot of effort to do
the
last night at the tsr
At the mayor
after being in particular at Achraf
no
in the bus type presentation text of your album of the road
said close to the faste folk since July 8